Add README (#8)
alphagov/govwifi-frontend: README.md

# GovWifi Frontend

## Purpose

> This is the [FreeRadius][freeradius] configuration for the [GovWiFi][govwifi] project.

Reviewer: nit: FreeRADIUS
```suggestion
This is the [FreeRADIUS][freeradius] configuration for the [GovWiFi][govwifi] project.
```

Reviewer: This repeats a few times in this PR. Can fix or ignore.

## How to install and use

Currently it is not possible to run this service from inside this repository alone.

We instead recommend using the [acceptance-tests][acceptance-tests] repo to set up a development environment for

> making changes to Radius or the healtcheck service.

Reviewer: nit: spelling/capitalisation
```suggestion
making changes to FreeRADIUS or the healthcheck service.
```

This projects has 2 main components; the Radius server, and the healthcheck service.

### Healthcheck

The healthcheck service acts as an adapter to a monitoring service (Route53 Healthchecks).
When hit with a HTTP call, it will send a request to the radius server to ensure it can still
authorise users.
To accomplish this, [`eapol_test`][radius-testing] is used to simulate authentication using `PEAP-MSCHAPv2`.

All code is located under the `healthcheck` directory.

### Radius

FreeRadius is an implementation of the RADIUS protocol.

Our servers implement:

- EAP-TLS (client certificate authentication)
- PEAP-MSCHAPv2 (Protected EAP with username + password)

#### Files

There are currently 5 files fetched when the service is initialised.

- [clients.conf][freeradius-clients]
  Allows access points to communicate with the radius servers.
  This is generated by the [GovWifi Admin][govwifi-admin] service.
- ca.pem, server.pem, server.key, comodo.pem
  Used to set up TLS tunnels, and authenticate clients using EAP-TLS

They are currently stored in the private [GovWifi build repo][govwifi-build].

Files are fetched once a night when the servers are restarted for updates.

> #### High Level Process

Reviewer: Nice, I like this section.
